hey everyone it's a nosh and right now
it's time for a new miniseries all you
need to know which is centered around a
few major ftse's being featured at e3
this year to start off I'm going to fill
you in on everything important that you
should know to this point prior to e3
and then after e3 cover all the
announcements and details right now it's
time for call of duty ghosts which first
i'll be talking about background and
story than graphics then multiplayer
rumors and finally a preview to e3 ghost
is the 10th cod and a 6-1 developed by
infinity ward raven software and never
soft will also assist IW in development
and as always the game will be published
by activision sledgehammer is not
helping out on this one and most likely
is working on modern warfare 4 right now
ghosts will be released November fifth
2013 on both the old and new xbox and
playstation the wii u and the pc
activision has announced that xbox one
owners will receive priority dlc also if
you pre-order at gamestop you'll receive
a new weapon skin of the ghost logo for
use in black ops 2 as well as a ghost
poster in terms of story ghost will have
a whole new story line and will not be
centered around ghosts from modern
warfare 2 IW wants to create a cast of
characters you feel emotionally attached
to and make them seem more real all we
know about the storyline is how it
starts it opens with a mass event with
America crippled its military devastated
and its government in disarray 10 years
after this mass event a band of elite
soldiers known as the ghosts are in a
cobra war against an unknown enemy the
player is part of this Special Forces
team of humans and a dog Sparky will be
able to sniff out explosives protect the
team and has speakers and a camera on
its ears and back my only wish from
infinity ward is please do not kill the
dog in the campaign I can't take that
one major thing Infinity Ward is pumped
about is their new engine which makes
graphics much better than any previous
Call of Duty these new advancements
allow for higher poly counts and high
res textures which helped make
characters and weapons look more
realistic in fact you can now see how
dirty your nasty fingernails are another
way they are improving realism is by
motion capturing an actual SEAL team
service dog so that their movements are
more authentic this call of duty will
still be at 60 frames per second after
all the hype and excitement that
Infinity Ward has been pushing about
their new engine iws animation lead Zack
Volcker said that the new engine isn't
actually new actually it's just been
upgraded enough from the quake 3 arena
engine for the team to call it new
volker says they didn't have time to
build the brand new engine from scratch
and instead needed to focus on improving
the engine where possible I think that's
pretty funny actually they say it's new
and it's not probably not the best way
to deal with critics saying that the
series is never actually knew just
updated but in the grand scheme of
things it's not a big deal the
multiplayer has been revamped due to
next-gen console capabilities ghost will
have dynamic maps aka maps that change
for example math will have earthquakes
and floods along with player-driven
actions like releasing a log pile
opening doors and explosive traps this
call of duty will also allow you to
customize your character options so far
confirmed include customizing the head
body helmet and gear there will also be
some more motion changes in the
multiplayer and the campaign sprinting
into a low wall allows you to leap over
it the lean feature which gives me
flashbacks to Rainbow six three allows
you to peer around walls and the slide
which kind of seems like dolphin dive
allows you to get out of the line of
fire quickly no matter which year it is
the upcoming call of duty never
disappoints with the amount of rumors
circulating this quote-unquote leaked
video shows the heads-up display loading
screen and main menu the most
interesting thing to come from this is
how the elite mode has replaced spec ops
however it looks like at least the
heads-up display screen shot is fake a
NeoGAF user has done detective work to
realize that this supposed in game
screenshot is actually from the ghosts
trailer now that
we know that one's fake take the other
pictures with a pretty big grain of salt
a second rumor is that the story is set
in the future but a plot point will
force the use of present-day weapons
we've already seen proof that the m16a4
dragunov AK and 14 and m4a1 will be in
the game so this rumor seems to be kind
of promising and finally the perennial
rumor of a public multiplayer beta the
answer is nope never going to happen
this isn't halo 3 or reach an infinity
ward just doesn't have time to pull
something like this off and still make a
November deadline looking forward to e3
I think we can expect what we always get
around 10 minutes of campaign gameplay
more new little features revealed and
possibly a reveal on a new game mode I
would also expect some multiplayer
gameplay like what mw3 had at e3 2011
watch out June tenth for all of that
good stuff so that's all you need to
know for right now but before you go
leave a comment below with your thoughts
on the game and what you think Infinity
Ward should keep and also avoid from
past cause that's it thanks for watching
is up guys don't answer that Jim of
these here starting off at 10 is my
gamertag groans more black ops 2 this is
slow school picnic old
you